Split Razor Components topic (#16990)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/components.md

@using BlazorApp.Components
```

## Tag Helpers aren't used in components

[Tag Helpers](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/intro) aren't supported in Razor components (*.razor* files). To provide Tag Helper-like functionality in Blazor, create a component with the same functionality as the Tag Helper and use the component instead.

## Use components

Components can include other components by declaring them using HTML element syntax. The markup for using a component looks like an HTML tag where the name of the tag is the component type.

Attribute binding is case sensitive. For example, `@bind` is valid, and `@Bind` is invalid.

The following markup in *Index.razor* renders a `HeadingComponent` instance:

```razor
<HeadingComponent />
```

*Components/HeadingComponent.razor*:

[!code-razor[](common/samples/3.x/BlazorWebAssemblySample/Components/HeadingComponent.razor)]

> If a component contains an HTML element with an uppercase first letter that doesn't match a component name, a warning is emitted indicating that the element has an unexpected name. Adding an `@using` statement for the component's namespace makes the component available, which removes the warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a component contains an HTML element with an uppercase first letter that doesn't match a component name, a warning is emitted indicating that the element has an unexpected name. Adding an `@using` directive for the component's namespace makes the component available, which resolves the warning.
```
